Assignment-1/how.md, before:

# Your answer for Task 3: How

### Q1: Which primary fur colour was observed more often above ground and on the ground respectively?

#### Encode:
The different primary fur colours (grey, cinnamon, black) are encoded in different colour hues that correspond with the actual colour.
A squirrel which had a cinnamon-coloured fur, is encoded within the diagram as a cinnamon-coloured circle, etc. The location in which the squirrel was found
(either on or above ground) is encoded in the position of the circle within the area. A squirrel which was found above ground is encoded with a circle
that is above the bottom line, and squirrels that were found on the ground are represented with circles directly on the bottom line.

#### Manipulate:
This visualisation mostly benefits from being able to navigate it, to see which squirrels were found where and what colour its fur had.

#### Facet:
For this question, it makes sense to partition the area into "above ground" and "on the ground", so the individual fur colours of the squirrels can be analysed
per location.

#### Reduce:
To make the answering of the task easier, the single circles could be combined to bigger circles for each fur colour, representing either percentages or total numbers of squirrels of that colour found in a specific location. 


### Q2: Do adult squirrels tend to have white and grey highlight fur colours more often than juvenile squirrels?

#### Encode:
The different secondary fur colours are encoded in the actual colour they are supposed to represent. Combinations of fur colours are represented as well with multi-coloured circles. The amount of squirrels 
which were found with that highlight fur colour is encoded in the size of the circle.

#### Manipulate:
This visualisation mostly benefits from being able to navigate it, to see what squirrel was what age and had what colour.

#### Facet:
For this question, it makes sense to partition the data into big and small circles, so that the age distribution can be 
analysed better.

#### Reduce:
For this task, the data can be "reduced" by getting rid of the general positioning of the circles and
sorting them by size instead. This gets rid of the information whether a squirrel was found above ground or not, which is
irrelevant for this question.

Commit message:

finish 'how' part of the task

Assignment-1/how.md, after:

# Your answer for Task 3: How

### Q1: Which primary fur colour was observed more often above ground and on the ground respectively?

#### Encode:
The different primary fur colours (grey, cinnamon, black) are encoded in different colour hues that correspond with the actual colour (channel).
A squirrel which had a cinnamon-coloured fur, is encoded within the diagram as a cinnamon-coloured circle, etc (marks). The location in which the squirrel was found
(either on or above ground) is encoded in the position of the circle within the area (channel). A squirrel which was found above ground is encoded with a circle
that is above the bottom line, and squirrels that were found on the ground are represented with circles directly on the bottom line.

#### Manipulate:
This visualisation mostly benefits from being able to navigate it, to see which squirrels were found where and what colour its fur had.

#### Facet:
For this question, it makes sense to partition the area into "above ground" and "on the ground", so the individual fur colours of the squirrels can be analysed
per location.

#### Reduce:
To make the answering of the task easier, the single circles could be combined to bigger circles for each fur colour, representing either percentages or total numbers of squirrels of that colour found in a specific location. 


### Q2: Do adult squirrels tend to have white and grey highlight fur colours more often than juvenile squirrels?

#### Encode:
The different secondary fur colours are encoded as a circle (mark) in the actual colour they are supposed to represent (channel). Combinations of fur colours are represented as well with multi-coloured circles. The amount of squirrels 
which were found with that highlight fur colour is encoded in the size of the circle (channel).

#### Manipulate:
This visualisation mostly benefits from being able to navigate it, to see what squirrel was what age and had what colour.

#### Facet:
This visualisation does not necessarily need to be faceted to answer this question.

#### Reduce:
For this question, the white and grey circles and all that include those colours are most relevant, so they could be singled out for better comparison.
